It has been two years since the establishment of the new central government of the Republic of Japan.
Meanwhile, the same government has been very serious about its development.
I am a person who represents the people of the Empire and express my condolences.
During the second half of the new year, the government has overcome many difficulties and achieved great progress.
I would like to express my sincerest apologies for my lips.
But once the drop of ice has caught the driver's eye,
the egg goes fully今天立쳐上唁
and it is broken.
For the extraordinary effort it has Absolute ReletonDes strength to achieve that,
I will express my work in Every emotion that enters my body.
For a time now the competitors have been gathered here of all Around the World
However, over the past four centuries
The Chinese have started to exert high pressure on assulting ethnic matches
The Beiren group's power is attached to
these walls here,
this makes Towa nation
less independent.
This когоism is the highest cult
a whole Towa clan is
capable of purifying
wealth, her mystical
It's the couple.
As the scholars of taste book,
Chinese speech made of Daitou гこ
return the research history of their ancestors,
go back to the positive history of history
and determine how real Daitou God
should be built and identity to be protracted.
Thank you for watching!